Alerting: Add safeguard for migrations that might cause dataloss (#48526)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

Set the name of the grafana-server instance. Used in logging, internal metrics, and clustering info. Defaults to: `${HOSTNAME}`, which will be replaced with
environment variable `HOSTNAME`, if that is empty or does not exist Grafana will try to use system calls to get the machine name.

### force_migration

> Force migration will run migrations that might cause dataloss. Default is `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
Force migration will run migrations that might cause data loss. Default is `false`.
```
